It was Jesus’ last night with his apostles.
You are the ones
who have stuck with me in my trials.
Soon, Jesus would be arrested.
It was going to be very hard for them.
All of you will be stumbled
in connection with me on this night,
for it is written:
“I will strike the shepherd,
and the sheep of the flock
will be scattered about.”
They were going to run away
and abandon Jesus.
But Peter said:
Although all the others
are stumbled in connection with you,—
—“I will never be stumbled!”
Very good, Caleb!
Peter thought he was strong
and would never make Jehovah sad.
I tell you, Peter,
a rooster will not crow today
until you have denied knowing me three times.
Cock-a-roo!
No, it’s cock-a-doodle-doo!
Nuh-uh.
That’s not a rooster!
Hey, kids!
It’s not important how the rooster sounds.
I’ll never make Jehovah sad!
Me neither!
We know you’d never want to.
But Jesus knew Peter would be afraid.
And when you are afraid . . .
[Screeching brakes]
Oh, no!
You’re late!
Hurry!
Grab your bags!
Careful!
Love you kids!
See you later!
Be good!
Bye, Mom! Bye, Dad!
I’m home!
Uh, hello!
Anybody?
He had a rough day.
Aww, what happened?
Caleb, are you OK?
What if Jehovah doesn’t wanna be
my Friend anymore?
Hmm.
Jehovah wants to be your Friend.
But if you did something bad,
he wants you to tell.
OK.
So today at school,
I was outside on the playground.
Hey, Caleb.
Oh, hey.
Uh, I was just, uh . . .
You can have it.
Wait!
I thought he can’t have it.
Yeah!
Which is it?
Uh, I didn’t want it anyway.
But I thought the Bible says you can’t?
Uh, it says . . .
C’mon!
What does it say?
Uh, I’m not sure.
But you came to my house the other day
to talk about the Bible.
Don’t you remember?
Um, yeah.
Maybe that wasn’t me.
Uh, ha-ha.
Huh!
That was you, but you’re scared.
[Ringtone of a rooster crowing]
Hi, Honey.
Yeah, I can’t talk right now.
Can you give me a call back later?
That was a rough day.
Do you remember when Peter said
he would never stumble?
Later that night,
Jesus was arrested.
Move it!
Peter loved him and wanted to help.
But doing the right thing isn’t always easy.
You too were with Jesus the Galilean!
Ah, I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Wait!
This is one of them!
I do not know the man!
Hey,
you follow Jesus!
I saw you in the garden with him, did I not?
I swear, I do not know the man!
[A rooster crows twice]
Peter knew the right thing to do.
But he was afraid and did the wrong thing.
Just like at school.
Yes.
Peter didn’t want to make that mistake
ever again.
But he wondered if Jesus and Jehovah
would still be his friends.
After Jesus was resurrected,
he talked to Peter.
Simon, son of John,
do you love me?
Yes, Lord,
you know I have affection for you.
Jesus forgave him!
And so did Jehovah.
But Peter had to talk to Jesus.
If you upset Jehovah,
what do you think you have to do?
Talk to Jehovah.
That’s right.
You need to pray to ask for forgiveness.
And Jesus showed Peter that he was forgiven
by giving him more work to do.
Shepherd my little sheep.
So why didn’t Peter give up
when he made a mistake?
Because Jehovah forgives.
Hey, guys!
Oh, wait!
I’m gonna need to explain birthdays.
Can you help me?
Of course.